lecture-1/windows_pre_installation.md, before:

# Pre Installations

# Step 1 Download Java

https://www.java.com/en/download/


# Step 2

Install Android Studio

https://developer.android.com/studio

Setting Up Android Studio

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151609.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151614.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151619.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151630.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151856.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151907.png>)


# Step 3

Install Bun or Node

I Prefer and use bun. You Can choose any one of them.

## Installing Bun

Visit https://bun.sh/ and select Windows Installation if not already selected.

![alt text](image.png)

Copy the command shown and paste it into the CMD.

## Installing Node

Visit https://nodejs.org/en and Install

![alt text](image-1.png)

Download the nodejs and proceed the installor.

# Step 4

Installing VSCode

Visit https://code.visualstudio.com/Download and Install for windows.

![alt text](image-2.png)

Note In the setup make sure this is on 

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 152717.png>)

Commit message:

Add macOS pre-installation guide for workshop setup
- Created a new markdown file detailing pre-workshop steps for macOS users.
- Included instructions for downloading and setting up Xcode, Bun/Node, and VSCode.
- Added relevant images to enhance understanding of each step.

lecture-1/windows_pre_installation.md, after:

# Pre Workshop Steps for Windows

# Step 1 Download Java

https://www.java.com/en/download/


# Step 2

Install Android Studio

https://developer.android.com/studio

Setting Up Android Studio

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151609.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151614.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151619.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151630.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151856.png>)

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 151907.png>)


# Step 3

Install Bun and Node

I Prefer and use bun. You Can choose any one of them. But please install both of them as other speaker might use node.

## Installing Bun

Visit https://bun.sh/ and select Windows Installation if not already selected.

![alt text](image.png)

Copy the command shown and paste it into the CMD.

## Installing Node

Visit https://nodejs.org/en and Install

![alt text](image-1.png)

Download the nodejs and proceed the installor.

# Step 4

Installing VSCode

Visit https://code.visualstudio.com/Download and Install for windows.

![alt text](image-2.png)

Note In the setup make sure this is on 

![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-06-10 152717.png>)

# Final Step 

Reopen the CMD for enviornment paths that have been set to work.
